uh weathering a great movie Enki of you
and it you have a nice roll like you're
in there then you so she's kind of there
I'm more the straight person you know
the comedy is lies in Kevin and Josh
they hope their this is their movie I
repeat and it's they are comedy the
perfect comedy duo I love the scene
where you're singing the other song what
song was it the song you're singing guys
doing the first dance oh I love you so
beautiful are you something when you're
just into I was so into it yeah yes she
doesn't care that it's been sung before
you know she's um she yes she was very
particular in this movie which was
exactly opposite of how I was planning
my own wedding so it was fun to play
someone a little more high-strung yeah
how was it going back putting on the
white dress again oh my wedding dress
yeah yes for the for the wet video yeah
yes my dress was pink and so I I was
like you never get to put on your dress
again so to rewear it and dance in it
was that was like a dream come true yeah
it was so fun awesome what was it like
between takes me what we offer you guys
were there when you like the dinner
table scene was fun oh my god kevin was
doing his stand-up routine for all of us
in the crew they were constantly
entertained he was really on all the
time like I really think he's not a
human who think he's a robot I don't
know how he's able to keep up his energy
um but he's holy it was just constant
laughs for Josh to it's just one of the
funniest these guys are well i was gonna
say on the verge but they are already
superstars yeah i love the scene when
you're on the phone with a with josh and
you can
about the the BIC Mitchum yes and he
goes if auntie momma Crocker were
refreshed friends would you not think
about Kevin up so you're good
remembering these lines honey remember
that's good because a job you know I pay
attention up the attention but uh what
kind of surprises they will kind of
setup do you use I've got to tell you
I've never been asked this question in
my life boo what kind of syrup do i use
yes like for my waffles yes waffle
pickax I really like the original Aunt
Jemima it's amazing it's all sugar yeah
you realize it's about how good is that
is he putting a microwave heat that shit
and that's why I thought that seems so
funny because I was like we had this
debate we're in grocery store hilari log
cabin was on sale all right and I'm like
no it's funny you're not getting that
we're gonna get answer my dad no acta
Jemima I mean it's a bolo sugar it's
fantastic mix a little honey in there
those egos yeah there's an old joke I'm
going bringing this up but they got
answer mama was racist cuz they put a
black woman a conference at the ancient
Maya ain't your mama okay so you know if
I said that we'd have a problem but then
the baby be careful very careful we paid
them back and meet Uncle Ben what is
this newscast you have is this online
yeah you get away with all this can say
bad words to say that was so I wonder
stand wow that is so funny that Aunt
Jemima is so funny but it is the best
syrup uh 13 years in the making you up
to 13 years yeah Jay lavender and I am
we we wrote it 13 year we started
writing at 13 years ago but we're still
writing it literally to this day and
we're still writing it until it comes up
fix all right good it's nonstop it's
yeah writing and rewriting what's the
process like waiting 13 years and get
something done you get it made of me you
know it's not um it's not really waiting
it's you're working the whole time
towards having the opportunity to have
somebody
put some trust in you and say hey yeah
go ahead here's some money go make this
movie I'm working the entire time
rewriting it constantly and we're
working on other projects but the same
time we always I mean this was our first
script that we saw the importance of not
giving up cuz that has to be a big thing
you like five years okay well I'm gonna
give this sit aside what's the
importance of not giving up it's a good
lesson for anybody ever trying to get a
movie made or anybody trying to do
anything in life that nothing's ever
dead yeah and you should never give up
on any dream or any project that you
love if you believe that it's a great
project and a great idea you just gotta
keep fighting and keep pushing him that
mean for us it happened and I think it
could happen for a lot of people i mean
14 years old long time long time yeah
and it looks like it's gonna be a cup
think it'd be a nice hit nice january it
well we'll see his phone sweet fingers
crossed speaking of convincing people uh
I know the the dance sequence was was
you guys his idea was a like page on the
script what was it like convincing Josh
and Kevin to go ahead and uh you know go
there jump on his back Kevin oh I don't
think I had to do much convincing I
think those guys are game for anything
um I think I the tough part about where
some of the things come from is that we
wrote the script so long ago then I
can't really remember I but I believe
that the dance sequence was Jay
lavenders idea and and I am we wrote
that thing in there and we always knew
that that would sort of be fun to just
watch these two guys dancing
and I didn't really know why it would be
fun I just was like oh this would be fun
and those guys came for rehearse we did
three days of choreography I wanted to
make sure that it was good for me with
the most important thing was that these
guys were good yeah and it would be
because if they were bad dancers it
wasn't going to be funny and we brought
in phenomenal dance doubles and I think
I only used maybe a hair of the dance
doubles in the actual film Oh Josh and
Kevin were so good together they
rehearsed they worked really hard and
they came in prepared and can you just
give aspiring artists musicians
directors some advice because you
invested $25,000 of your own money to
direct the short to say hey I can do
this guy's can you give them somebody
that bicycle hey you know if you believe
in yourself go ahead yeah I do I feel
like um even today I I did I've made
that investment even probably like four
or five years ago but today you can make
things for for no money get your phone
out get a group of funny guys together
did you know shoot shoot something be
funny on and post it yeah but be careful
because you don't want to like not get a
job a few posed it so that's the risk
you're taking but yeah just you gotta
work at what you want to achieve you
gotta work at what do you want to
accomplish and don't always keep your
dreams alive and work hard on it yes
women who uh like reality stars that I
knew before they were reality star easy
it and I are doing the music that is not
true yeah we're doing yes we are no sir
jay z's doing woody